# ArticleSubmission
Smartphones have made life easy for every internet user out there. These days, all the new digital audiences are smartphone users in the first place—the prime reason being the feasibility and portability a smartphone offers. Everyone who owns a smartphone is constantly hunting for different ways to get their digital tasks done using these fantastic devices. The increased demand for work from home has also boosted how to work via a smartphone. One crucial way to enhance the smartphone utility is the Android  apps that allow users to accomplish their digital tasks. However, not every app has the potential to solve the digital roadblocks of the users.   One such app that has emerged to help smartphone and internet users read their files is the All In One App. With over Ten million  active monthly users, the app has proven to be one of the best doc readers apps for Android users. With this app on their smartphone, every user who has installed it can use it to read all the crucial documents of formats like .pdf,.doc,.ppt, etc., with just a click of a button. The app also allows the users to convert the files from one format to another, not just viewing the files.   Apart from this, the best part of the app is its e-signature feature that allows users to sign digitally and thus avoiding printing while also saving the trees. Not every doc reader app in the Android store has this feature, and this main USP of the A1 Office app is now helping it stand out as a pioneer doc reader app. Thanks to the app developers for the impressive UI/UX, navigation ease of the app, and operational efficiency. Users can now access and convert their files with enhanced convenience. In just a span of two years we become the top developer from India in productive app space which is otherwise dominated by big players like google and microsoft  The app is the first of its kind in not just the aspects mentioned above. Still, now they have introduced a new initiative of PDF editor and thus leveraging the technical potential of the app. Now, A1 Office is set to introduce new features and thus facilitate zero risk features for all Android users. The entire team is excited to see the milestones that this journey is to unfold and geared up to meet all the app users online.
